docs: add procedure for most advanced node-pool scheduling possible (#50)
canonical/charmed-kubeflow-documentation: docs/how-to/install/install-for-advanced-scheduling.rst

Moreover, for each namespace, add configurations to allow for some label(s) to disable the default injection by `namespace-node-affinity-operator`, to also be able to schedule specific workflows to different node pools than the default one — i.e. the “Customization” objective in Abstract. An example of such a label could be `exclude-me-from-namespace-node-affinity-operator=”true”`. Profiles whose namespaces are not configured with exclusion labels will not be able to override the default node-pool scheduling, therefore opting out of such a feature.

.. note::

  CKF admins can continuously reconfigure the default node-pool allocation and whether to enable customization for any Profiles. Nevertheless, Profile workloads deployed before the desired configuration changes are not expected to be rescheduled or migrated. For this reason, it is recommended to configure Profiles before their actual creation (knowing namespace names correspond to Profile names).

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> Alternative 1: not segregating Juju system but keeping pools for general workloads

Author: Good point, then I'll make them collapsible.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

For each Profile's namespace, add configurations to inject workloads with node affinity matching labels of default node pools, to schedule Profiles' workloads to respective default node pools. Profiles whose namespaces are not configured with affinities for default node pools will see their workloads randomly scheduled in any node pools without taints, including not only all the default ones but also any other general ones that may exist, therefore opting out of such a feature.

An example of resulting overall configurations, where both Profiles `profile-i` and `profile-j` have the node pool labeled with `kubeflow-default-node-pool=a` as their default one and Profile `profile-k` has the node pool labeled with `kubeflow-default-node-pool=b` as its default one, may be:

.. code-block:: bash

    namespace_node_affinity_settings=$(cat << EOF

>     kubeflow: |

Reviewer: There is definitely some value to keeping code blocks copy-pastable. But it's not mandatory in a how-to guide. We can use placeholders and other practical instructions. It's up to you whether you want to make it closer to a real-life example.

However, I see a separate issue in this code block. We introduce it as "An example of resulting overall configurations" but the code block has bash commands, like

```text
    EOF
    )
    juju config namespace-node-affinity settings_yaml="$namespace_node_affinity_settings"
```

It feels a little bit off to me. Please double-check that we set correct expectations here.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Option 2: segregated Juju system and no pools for general workloads
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Label and taint node pools as described above for option 1 but with the following changes:

- Keep one and only node pool unlabeled and untainted, meant to be used for Juju-system workloads only and without foreseeing any general workloads ending up in the same pool.

- For each node pool meant to be used as the default one of some Kubeflow Profile(s), add both specific label(s) and specific taint(s).

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Step 2: set up your Juju controller
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For bootstrapping instructions, see `Get started with Juju <https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/latest/tutorial/>`_. No additional, specific precautions are required.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Step 3 (Optional): set up a former `namespace-node-affinity-operator`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Step 3 (Optional): set up a temporary `namespace-node-affinity-operator`
```

No additional, specific precautions required. For instance:

.. code-block:: bash

  juju add-model kubeflow

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Step 5: label the Kubeflow-platform model's namespace(s)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Label with `namespace-node-affinity=enabled` the namespace of the Juju model for the Kubeflow platform. In case Knative is to be deployed, also label the namespaces of Knative, `knative-eventing` and `knative-serving`, in the same way, after manually creating them. For example:

.. code-block:: bash

  kubectl label namespaces kubeflow namespace-node-affinity=enabled

  kubectl create namespace knative-eventing
  kubectl label namespaces knative-eventing namespace-node-affinity=enabled

  kubectl create namespace knative-serving
  kubectl label namespaces knative-serving namespace-node-affinity=enabled

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Step 6: set up a latter `namespace-node-affinity-operator`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Deploy (another instance of) `namespace-node-affinity-operator` into (a different model,) the model for the Kubeflow platform, using a Juju application name as the charm name or simply different from the name of the `namespace-node-affinity-operator` instance in the former namespace, and configure it with the same configurations as for the former `namespace-node-affinity-operator`. In case Knative is to be deployed, replicate the same configurations of the standard Kubeflow-platform namespace for the namespaces of Knative. An example of such configurations may be:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deploy the primary instance `namespace-node-affinity-operator` into (a different model,) the model for the Kubeflow platform. If you have deployed a temporary `namespace-node-affinity-operator` in Step 3, use a different name to avoid conflicts. You can re-use the same configuration `namespace_node_affinity_settings` as advised in Step 3. In case Knative is to be deployed, replicate the same configurations of the standard Kubeflow-platform namespace for the namespaces of Knative. 

An example of such configurations may be:
```
